We, at bountyhill UG (limited liability) & Co. KG, recognize that privacy of your personal information is very important. We process and use personal data which is collected when visiting and using our web site bountyhill.com and/or by the use of a social network account which is technically bound to our website, exclusively according to the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and other legal regulations that apply to electronic commerce.

Our website may contain links to other web sites to which this Privacy Policy does not apply. Particularly, this Privacy Policy does not apply to links that are used or embedded by users as part of a searching request, an offer or a comment published on our web site.

Agreeing to our Terms and Conditions you approve that the bountyhill UG (limited liability) & Co. KG may collect, process and use any personal data provided by you or that is generated while using our web site and services. A transmission of your data to third parties happens only according to the scope and the definitions of this Privacy Policy.

Any data you have provided to us or that is generated by us will only be used within the scope and for the purpose you have provided it for, respectively you have given your approval concerning the use and disclosure of these data. Recording of personal data for or transmission of personal data to governmental authorities only happens if required by compelling regulations. Our employees are obliged to discretion and the banking and data confidentiality.

Initially the use of our website is possible without providing any own personal information. Only a vague location determination based on the IP address assigned to you is preformed automatically.

A registration that requires the provisioning ofspecific personal data is only necessary if you want to use our services actively. With your registration, we save at least the following personal information: your Email address and your password. The later in an encrypted format. If you should use our services according to your own declaration for commercial use, we store and use additional information, such as company name, business address and other contact data.

When logging in by using a connected social network, we store data transmitted by these networks on authorization. It depends on the social network itself which data it will deliver to us. At least we store your email address as well as access data, which allows us to perform certain actions on your behalf in the respective social network. In general, you will be notified which data is transmitted to us and what kind of actions we may perform on your behalf when logging in via a social network.
More details you may receive from the social network you use to authenticate.

We do only collect your personal data submitted on a voluntary basis for the purpose of user profile creation and usage. This data will only be disclosed to third parties with your consent that is given by the approval of our Terms and Conditions. Disclosure occurs for the initiation, establishment and performance of business transactions or fulfillment of contractual relationships. Any further submitted information concerning searching requests, offers and comments, including any personal information contained therein, may be used, processed and utilized for the same purposes.
Additionally any of your relevant activities done on or for the benefit of our website will be stored, used and processed in order to generate BountyPoints for you and concerned third parties.

As a basic principle the scope of transferred data is always limited to the necessary minimum (principle of data reduction). Any forwarding of your e-mail address and – if relevant and known to us - your name occurs exclusively on the basis of your prior explicit mandate (use of the contact-option) under specific designation of the addressee.

The data saved by or uploaded through us can be stored and processed on servers in non-European countries. We will perform all reasonable technical and organizational measurements to protect your data from unauthorized access.

You have the legal right to request information about your personal data stored by us at any time. 
You may revoke your consent to the storage and processing of your data at any time. Having revoked the consent you may only use our services to a limited extent furthermore.

In addition, you can request the deletion of your personal data at any time. Please direct this request to the given contact on our imprint page.
Despite your revocation or deletion request we expressly point out that for the purpose of our rewarding program BountyPoints esp. for the benefit of third party participants some data of your profile, esp. your selected pseudonym, your e-mail address, social networks accounts, as well as the information about search requests, offers or comments published by you will be stored and processed in the future. Your revocation of your consent to the storage and processing of your personal data or your request for deletion of your personal data will only come to effect when our rewarding program BountyPoints is no longer in need of these information. With the acknowledgment of our Terms and Conditions you have agreed to this time-limited withholding of data irrevocably.

Data transmission in the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) is neither safe nor secure in general. Hence a complete protection of your data against unauthorized access cannot be guaranteed.

***
##Privacy Policy for use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files stored on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will be transmitted to and stored on Google servers, which may be located outside the EU. In the case of activation of IP anonymization on this website your IP address will be shortened within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Only in exceptional cases the full IP address will be transferred to Google servers in the USA and will shortened there. On behalf of bountyhill Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your usage of this website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. 

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To prevent the processing of data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) by Google you may also download the following browser plugin and install:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
 
***
##Privacy Policy for use of Google Adsense
This website uses Google AdSense, a service to include advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). Google AdSense uses "cookies", which are text files are stored on your computer to help to analyze how users use the site. Google AdSense uses so-called web beacons (invisible images). Through this web beacons, information can be evaluated as the visitor traffic on these pages.

The information generated by cookies and web beacons on this website (including your IP address) and delivery of advertising formats will be transmitted to and stored on Google servers, which may be located outside the EU. This information can be passed from Google to contractors of Google. Google will not combine your IP address with any other data held by you.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

***
The responsible entity with respect to the Federal Data Protection Act is bountyhill UG (limited liability) & Co. KG, Berliner Straße 12, 13187 Berlin.

**Please note: If there are discrepancies between the different linguistic versions, the German version of the Terms and Conditions shall be decisive.**
